My fellow Koreans,
I am grateful to you all. I bow my head in deep appreciation for the choice of you, the people. Today, serving as President i n t he 19th presidential term of the Republic of Korea, I take the first step toward a new Korea. My
shoulders are now burdened with heavy mandates entrusted to me by the people, and my heart is burning with enthusiasm to crea te the kind of country that we have never been able to live in before. My head is now filled with
blueprints for ushering in a new world characterized by unity and coexistence.
The new Republic of Korea we are trying to build is the nation that those who came before us have consistently aspired to in the face of countless frustrations and defeats. It is the nation that our young people have longed for
so ardently, in spite of many sacrifices and dedicated efforts. To build such a Republic of Korea, I declare before history and the people with a fear fu l but humble mind that I will faithfully fulfill my responsibilities and missions
as President.
I offer my gratitude and sympathy from deep in my heart to the other presidential contenders. There is no winner or loser in thi s election. We are all partners who are required to lead the new Republic of Korea together. Now
is the time to leave behind the heat of competition and move forward together hand in hand.
My fellow Koreans,
We have gone through unprecedented political upheavals over the past few months. Politics was in disarray but our people were great. Even with the impeachment and arrest of the sitting President, our people paved a way
forward for the Republic of Korea. They never got discouraged but instead turned the crisis into an opportunity, eventually o pen ing the way to a new world today. The greatness of the Republic of Korea is the greatness of the
people.
During this presidential election, our people made history again. A new President was elected through even support from all across the country. Starting today, I will become a president for everyone. Even those who did not
support me are my people, and I will serve them all alike
I dare to make a promise. This date May 10, 2017 will go down in history as the beginning of the genuine unity of the people.
My fellow Koreans,
Over the past several troubling months, many people asked whether this country can indeed be called a country. From this very qu estion, I will make a new start as President. From today, I will become a president dedicated
to building a country worthy of being called a country.
I will boldly break from the malpractices of old days. As President, I will take the lead in starting anew.
First and foremost, I will strive to get rid of authoritarian practices in the presidency. When preparations are completed, I am going to leave Cheong Wa Dae to usher in an era of the presidential office in Gwanghwamun
Square. There, my aides and I will put our heads together and have discussions. I will frequently engage in communication wit h t he people. On key issues, I myself will hold press briefings.
On my way home, I will drop by markets to talk freely with citizens I encounter. Large public forums will be occasionally hel d a t Gwanghwamun Square.
The President's imperial power will be shared as much as possible. I will make sure that agencies that have great authority r ema in completely independent from politics. There will be a system to keep these agencies in check
so that none of them will be able to wield absolute power.
I will perform my duties with humility. I will become a president who is at eye level with the people.
I will endeavor to address the security crisis promptly. For the sake of peace on the Korean Peninsula, I will crisscross the gl obe. If needed, I will immediately fly to Washington. I will also visit Beijing and Tokyo and even
Pyongyang under the right circumstances.
I remain committed to doing all I can for the establishment of peace on the Korean Peninsula. The ROK U.S. alliance will be furt her strengthened. In the meantime, I will have serious discussions with the United States and
China for the resolution of issues related to THAAD.
Strong security is made possible by strong defense capabilities. The Government will also strive to further enhance independe nt defense capabilities. It will also lay the foundation for the resolution of the North Korean nuclear
problem. The Government will endeavor to establish peace in Northeast Asia, thus setting a milestone in alleviating tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
I will make efforts to change the landscape of politics characterized by division and conflicts. Confrontations between conse rva tives and progressives must come to an end. As President, I will take the lead in engaging in
dialogues. Opposition parties are partners in the administration of state affairs. Discussions will be held on a regular basi s, and I will take time to have meetings.
Officials will be appointed regardless of where they are from. Competence and the need to put the right person in the right p lac e will become the overriding criteria. I am ready to appoint capable individuals regardless of
whether or not they support me.
Both here and abroad, the economy is going through a difficult time. Ordinary people’s livelihoods are under threat. As I pro mis ed during my campaign, I will tend to the employment issue first. At the same time, I will take the
initiative in reforming conglomerates. Under the Moon Jae in Administration, the cozy relationship between political and busines s circles will completely disappear.
I will strive to resolve conflicts between regions, social classes and generations and seek ways to solve the problems faced by irregular workers. I will help create a world without discrimination.
I repeat. The Administration led by Moon Jae in and the Democratic Party of Korea will promote equal opportunities. The process will be fair, and the result will be just.
My fellow Koreans,
This presidential election was held in the aftermath of the impeachment of the former President. The unfortunate history of t he presidency still continues . On the occasion of this election, this unfortunate history must end.
I will set a new example as the President of the Republic of Korea. I will make my utmost efforts to become a president who w ill be viewed as a success by the public and by history. By doing so, I will repay your support.
I will become a clean president. I take office empty handed, and I will leave office the same way. Someday, I will return home a nd become an ordinary citizen and friendly neighbor. I will continue to be a person all of you can
be proud of.
I will become an honest president who keeps promises. I will meticulously honor the pledges I made during the campaign. Genui ne political progress will be possible only when the president takes the initiative in engaging in
trustworthy politics. I will not talk big about doing the impossible. I will admit to the wrong I did. I will not cover up un fav orable public opinion with lies.
I will be a fair president. I will explore ways to ceate a world without privileges and foul play. I will endeavor to create a world where those who follow common sense will benefit. I will not overlook the pain of our neighbors. I will
always be vigilant with a great sense of caring so that there will be no one left behind. I will become a president who comfo rts people in sorrow.
I will be a president who communicates with others. I will exert my authority in a humble and modest manner; I will build a c oun try stronger than it has ever been. I will not be a president who is domineering and authoritative
but one who communicates and promotes dialogue.
I will stay close to the people, working near Gwanghwamun . I will become a president who remains warmhearted and friendly to the
My fellow Koreans,
The Republic of Korea starts anew today, on May 10, 2017. A great history of building a decent nation begins. I ask you all t o j oin me on this journey. I will fully dedicate myself to it.
Thank you very much.